# CSC207Project

### User Stories
1. **Team Story:** John wants to log into his account. After logging in, he can search for movies, view his watchlist, view his watched list, and see what movies he has rated.
2. Cormac: Sarah wants to search for a movie, whether she's logged in or not. Upon opening the app, she’s prompted to either log in or search without logging in. She decides to search for _Avengers: Endgame_, and the app displays detailed information about the movie, including its rating, release date, genre, director, and main cast. If she is logged in, Sarah can add _Avengers: Endgame_ to her watchlist, watched list, and can rate the movie.
3. Humza: David wants to create a detailed watchlist. After logging into the movie app, he can search for movies and add them to his main watchlist or create specific sub-lists like "Sci-Fi Favorites." David can view his watchlist, remove movies, and sort by title, release date, or rating.
4. Serdar: Mary has just finished watching _Spider-Man: No Way Home_. She logs into the movie app, navigates to the movie, and rates it 4 out of 5 stars. In her profile, Mary has a complete list of all the movies she’s rated. She can edit them and sort by rating. 
5. Samir: Alex wants an in-depth look at his movie-watching habits. He navigates to a dashboard that provides data on his total hours watched, favorite genres, and average ratings given. The dashboard also includes insights, such as his highest-rated genres. 
6. Aseer: Bob wants to share his watchlist with friends. When he goes to his watchlist, he has the option to select specific movies to include. He clicks "export" and can save his curated watchlist as a text.